# A Survey on Knowledge Graph <u>Embeddings</u> with <u>Literals</u>: Which model links better Literal-ly? 

```
带文字的知识图嵌入综述：哪个模型在文字上链接得更好？

Embeddings: 嵌入
Literals: 文字
```

Genet Asefa Gesese, Russa Biswas, Mehwish Alam, and Harald Sack
FIZ Karlsruhe - Leibniz <u>Institute</u> for Information <u>Infrastructure</u> & Institute for Applied Informatics and Formal
Description Systems (AIFB), Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe Germany
E-mails: genet-asefa.gesese@fiz-karlsruhe.de, russa.biswas@fiz-karlsruhe.de, mehwish.alam@fiz-karlsruhe.de, harald.sack@fiz-karlsruhe.de

```
杰内・阿塞法・格塞斯、鲁萨・比斯瓦斯、迈赫威・阿拉姆、哈拉德・萨克
卡尔斯鲁厄 - 莱布尼茨信息基础设施研究所 & 应用信息学和形式研究所
描述系统 (AIFB) ，卡尔斯鲁厄理工学院，德国卡尔斯鲁厄
电子邮件: genet-asefa.gesese@fiz-karlsru.de、russa.biswas@fiz-karlsruhe.de、mehwish.alam@fiz-karlsru.de、harald.sack@fiz-karlsruhe.de

institute: 研究所
Infrastructure: 基础设施
```

**Abstract.** Knowledge Graphs (KGs) are <u>composed</u> of structured information about a particular <u>domain</u> in the form of entities and relations. In addition to the structured information KGs help in <u>facilitating</u> interconnectivity and interoperability between different resources <u>represented</u> in the Linked Data Cloud. KGs have been used in a variety of applications such as entity linking, question answering, recommender systems, etc. However, KG applications suffer from high computational and storage costs. Hence, there arises the necessity for a representation able to map the high dimensional KGs into low dimensional spaces, i.e., embedding space, preserving structural as well as relational information. This paper <u>conducts</u> a survey of KG embedding models which not only consider the structured information contained in the form of entities and relations in a KG but also the unstructured information represented as literals such as text, numerical values, images, etc. Along with a <u>theoretical</u> analysis and comparison of the methods proposed so far for generating KG embeddings with literals, an <u>empirical</u> <u>evaluation</u> of the different methods under identical settings has been performed for the general task of link prediction.

```
摘要.知识图（KGs）由有关特定领域的结构化信息以实体和关系的形式组成。除结构化信息外，KGs 还有助于促进链接数据云中表示的不同资源之间的互连性和互操作性。KGs 已用于各种应用程序中，例如实体链接，问题解答，推荐系统等。但是，KGs 应用程序承受着高昂的计算和存储成本。因此，需要一种能够将高维 KGs 映射到低维空间（即，嵌入空间），保留结构以及相关信息的表示形式。本文对 KG 嵌入模型进行了调查，该模型不仅考虑 KG 中实体和关系形式所包含的结构化信息，而且还考虑以文本，数值，图像等文字形式表示的非结构化信息。除了到目前为止提出的用于生成带有文字的 KG 嵌入的方法的理论分析和比较之外，还针对链接预测的一般任务对相同设置下的不同方法进行了经验评估。

composed: 组成
domain: 领域
facilitating: 促进
represented: 代表
dimensional: 纬度
conducts: 进行
theoretical: 理论的
empirical: 经验
evaluation: 评估
```

**Keywords:** Knowledge Graphs, Knowledge Graph Embeddings, Knowledge Graph Embeddings with Literals, Link Prediction, Survey

```
关键字：知识图，知识图嵌入，具有文字的知识图嵌入，链接预测，调查
```

